Add acknowledgement to Azure in About page (#1456)
nf-core/nf-co.re: markdown/about.md

<div class="clearfix"></div>

### Microsoft Azure

<img src="/assets/img/contributors-colour/azure.svg" alt="Microsoft Azure" class="float-end darkmode-image me-5 mb-5 w-25 ms-3" style="max-width: 200px">

Microsoft Azure also kindly supports nf-core with cloud compute credits to run each nf-core analysis pipeline with full-size benchmark datasets on every release.

> You will soon be able to explore and download these pipeline results under the <em class="mx-2"><i class="fab fa-microsoft me-2"></i> Results</em> tab on each pipeline page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You will soon be able to explore and download these pipeline results on the nf-core website, on each pipeline page.
```
